want to know what's heating up in
theaters this weekend Logan loses you to
draw the world is not the same as watch
Hugh Jackman stars in his last x-men
movie Logan as the metal claws superhero
his task of protecting a young you go
where does he right after his child is
killed a grieving man gets invited to
meet God at a mysterious forest cabin in
the shack maybe for you there's a
tomorrow a girl realizes how much she
has to lose and gain as she relives the
day of her death and before I fall it's
because hold on go 1 million let's check
out this week's the anticipation
[Music]
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time
on weekend ticket
Oh
[Music]